right guys burgers here today only be
showing you how to invest implies on fee
15 now and two sons for the offer if
we're going to be taking a look amount
of the match itself but before we go
into the video if you do enjoy this
video I want to see more videos like
this make sure you smash the thumbs up
and down below and maybe if your help
this phone get 555 likes then also if
you know around here please subscribe
now the first thing the ranch can we
take a look at Dells price so for his
price is 21 came in and 13,500 max I
paid 18k for him a rich he when he came
out max price was 20 k and he was
telling a second set price so because of
that EA have increased his price and
still fo 2500 he is selling seconds when
he said sup in the market so he's likely
skin of a price increase so with man of
the magic cards when they combine the
future if they've been after they say 18
19 hours and there's still some of the
max price in seconds try and picks them
up softer the first day the no longer
impacts is going to become harder
together and it's like the EA will rise
that will knock their price up just so
more or less on the market and more self
so if they're not selling wolf then
going straight away it's like the EA
will knock their price up now 14 the
weak players bill take a look at these
as well for the gold players they're
going to be pretty hard to invest in now
the only exception this week is alibi he
sell in seconds so he's the only gold
when I'd recommend that so the main
players from now on are gonna be the
bronze in the silver players now this
bronze going he looks okay said in one
piece for a centre-back that's very nice
but the other thing which you need to
look out for when investing is do they
fin to common teams and with this guide
you don't really see many Turkish teams
around and also same for the Leakey's in
so that's the downside to him once with
these two English plies you do see a lot
of English silver teams round this
garner other hand though not many people
are using because his pace and striker
this guy he seems so cash like celery a
pace neste that's okay so he's apply
that look at then the old plaid look has
this guy 91 peace and there is a lot of
Argentina silver team surrounds that's
one look at him and then another thing
to look out for he's usually arriving
and he's been changed to an ST so look
out for players who have had their
position changed so this week I'd be
looking at milano Jana and also a lavar
saw the market just going to search
these two silvers quickly and show you
what the market looks like from and also
for the price gaps
the English guy is 5k to fake cake and
the Argentine guide he is fake a 260 k
now for Garner on the market SS search
him up so need to pop up there we go is
there any up in the market this ain't
got the bronze one some reason the
bronze one costs a tunnel in the cell
phone but there's no silver ones up in
the mark of this happened so to try
again all you need to do is basically
ski tapping wine be until one pops up
and just try and get one if you pick
them up leave them in your club for a
while maybe use mana team and their
price will hopefully get increased by
eight after a little while now for this
guy to right-wing once in the market no
st ones for me this the guy that I try
and pick up cuz I can see is price gone
up a lot from 60 k as he just looks like
quality striker for teams and also with
the position change it makes more people
really want to try and pick him up if
they do want a man st and also he makes
a few other teams possible so that is
going to be an hour for this video so
hopefully this helps you guys out so see
you I shooting ring us and hope you
enjoyed this video and if you have
please leave a like